The purpose of these projects is to demonstrate the understanding of web applications between different languages, such as: Python, HTML, Ractive, and MySQL.
In order to be able to view these homeworks a user must do the following: 

Install Python
If your machine doesn't come with Python, you need to install it.  I particularly recommend installing Python via Anaconda. 

Install Web2py
Install the source distribution of web2py.  Unzip it in any directory. The source distribution files may be found in github.com/asilva3/CMPS183

Install Ruby
Install Ruby.  I didn't code in Ruby, but it is used by Compass for the CSS styling. 
You may find the installation of Ruby at https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/

Install Compass
Install Compass.  We will be using Compass for CSS.
You may find the installation of Compass at http://compass-style.org/install/

Install PyCharm
Recommended, but not required.  Install PyCharm professional edition.  
It will make your life much easier and your productivity much higher.  
A free edition for students is available. PyCharm is an excellent Python editor with support for code analysis, and it supports web2py. 
It will make your development much more effective.  
PyCharm normal edition is free, but it does not support web2py, and the code analysis is thus not nearly as helpful.
You may find the installation of Pycharm at https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/

Install Git
Install git, if you don't have it already. For version control.

Once you have these setup, you may access my work by doing the following:
1. Open up the soruce distribution of web2py.
2. There will be a file web2py (type: PY File) that the user will click on
3. Anaconda python will open and then web2py framework will pop-up askinng user for a password. Insert any password for admin rights.
4. This will take you to a localhost site on a browser showing "Installed Applications"
5. On the right hand side there is "Upload and Install Packed Applications". Type any name for it and upload my zipped file with extension .w2p
6. It is now uploaded and ready for the user to test. Click on the link.
7. In order to see the source code, one will open it up in pycharm or sublime by going in the source distrubition web2py file.
8. Inside there is that new application file inside that source distribtion.
